What, your drinking ability is so bad.
If you drink two glasses like that, you go to the bathroom and vomit.
Come on, let's keep going.
Tell me who told you to kill me.
General Director Shen, your brother
Get out.
Everybody out to enjoy.
Stay.
Don't make me shoot you.
I really don't know anything.
Is there a misunderstanding you're pointing a gun at me?
Hum, hum.
You killed me.
There's a lot of people out there looking at you and thinking you can escape.
This doesn't bother you anymore.
Our industry wants to change something very simple.
Wait, can you tell me before I die?
Who wants to kill me?
Wanted to trick me.
You're a little immature.
Go down wondering